our life along this Yukon River in the
wintertime revolves mainly around dogs
and snow machines and in the summertime
it's all about dogs and boats each dog
has a talent so oftentimes some dogs
have multiple talents but they all have
a weakness somewhere and so it's my job
as their owner to figure out what their
weaknesses are and realizing that when I
go to do a job I don't ask them to do
something that they're not good for so
what I plan on doing kata I want to take
two pairs and Jack the Cougar and we'll
put topes and lead and then Jack and
Cougar and next to each other and then
we'll let them go just see I have no
idea I'm hoping they don't run all the
way back to the lake with this I'm
hoping they'll just go who isn't stopped
but I have no idea what they're gonna do
it's really important to identify at a
very young age dogs that have potential
leadership quality topaz's
is probably gonna be one of my better
leaders in the future so now I'm trying
to expand that into summertime the other
dog that's showing a lot of potential is
Jack he's a big dog having a large lead
dog that can break trail would be a real
asset to me when I'm out trapping
the trail that I'm using today is mainly
a winter trail and the wintertime the
water freezes smoothes it out a little
bit we get snow blown in there drifts it
in and then I can put in a pretty nice
trail it's a whole different ballgame in
the summertime it's full of ruts pits
it's gonna be interesting to see how
they they handle it that was really good
you guys good dogs
first things first the canoe goes in the
water
topaz gets in the boat and we go out for
a paddle and see how she does
no you got to learn how to do this quick
good right there good girl sit sit good
sit stay stay
that's what you want to do good girl
looks like topaz is doing really well
she's sitting there's just watching the
paddle I think she'd been in her boat
all her life you're doing a good job
topaz good girl I'm pretty impressed she
was the one I wasn't worried about the
most I thought she's so hyper I thought
for sure that dog was just gonna go oh
not going got to move around got a joke
uh-oh we got a leak we've got a pretty
good leak I got it guys are coming in
punch you look around those packs I
might have some duct tape or something
Kate we're gonna have to tape it up kind
of looks like it's a bear tooth or a
bear claw hole is when I missed when I
was patch of it I think you did good
okay out good girl good girl this is
what I call a Navy patch some things you
learn if you're a seaman in the Navy is
how to fix a hole in the boat driving
wedges into it that was kind of
unexpected but that's the way it is out
here you know you just got to deal with
things as they come and and figure out
what you got to work with and make it
work
you